now defensively country lives a good
phase
It's on a very brave floor if you do not
was expelled now will give luck gaciba
because he fought and donated threatened to kick
the opponent is really angry with the
referee is the one who will listen
Luis Fabiano himself has already confessed
every now and then flashes and pain
slap in the face that is expelled
I said that if I were'm surrounded
not at that moment
david mandel observe the movement of the
luis fabiano kick
I do not know if it really hit the
opponent is not ended up entering the
The cell we were talking about 34 minutes
behind
seems to have been protecting Lucas in the
dispute of the move protect lucas who
Lucas had really missed it
I had done the house back and there with 13
minutes are paulo men until that
he kicked no hit
but he was already very close and
now we continue the searches for the shirt
number two of the northern nat was also
expelled then understand the referee there
paulo miranda also lent himself there
with the opponent understood the Paraguayan
that both the
nautical is with luís fabiano
exaggerated in the matter and the two are
expelled from the field
Soon even to make clear
people are watching in gaza
at this point the absences are punished
intention and not simply aggression
try to attack the opponent even if
the purpose is not achieved, ie if the
was given and did not reach the
multiple functions
expelled luis fabiano striker from são
Paulo cast out of nat the quarterback
It all started with Lucas and with Ferreira
then Luis Fabiano entered the two
singles from the table and today was on the side
in good
the gil donation was not agreed with the
kick and the two do not remember at all
different than the red and then she
We had this this mess around with both the
paulo miranda and the argentinian because abel
not only a detail that Luis Fabiano
talk about these days I expected
provocations that adversary players
already know him know his style he
I was already prepared for the nervous mood
with the provocations but ended up losing the
head on the pitch as we saw him
started talking through love detail
He began trying to separate you
Tiger players went to hit